MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Daigo Ito

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

# 日本語訳（参考）
このソフトウェアおよび付随するドキュメントファイル（以下「本ソフトウェア」）の複製を取得したすべての人に対し、
無償で本ソフトウェアを使用、複製、改変、結合、出版、頒布、サブライセンス、および/または販売する権利を含む制限なしに
取り扱うことを許可します。

上記の著作権表示および本許諾表示は、本ソフトウェアのすべての複製または重要な部分に含めるものとします。

本ソフトウェアは「現状のまま」提供され、明示であるか暗黙であるかを問わず、
商品性、特定目的適合性、および非侵害についての保証を含め、いかなる保証も行いません。
著作者または著作権者は、本ソフトウェアまたは本ソフトウェアの使用もしくはその他の取引に起因または関連して生じる
請求、損害、その他の責任について、一切の責任を負わないものとします。

---

# PortAudio License

PortAudio Portable Real-Time Audio Library  
Copyright (c) 1999-2011 Ross Bencina and Phil Burk

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

PortAudio は [http://www.portaudio.com/](http://www.portaudio.com/) にて入手可能です。
